# Ruby on Rails Tutorial: sample application

This is the sample application for
the [*Ruby on Rails Tutorial*](http://railstutorial.org/)
by [Michael Hartl](http://michaelhartl.com/).

I, Ryan Kim, will be building this application for learning Ruby on Rails. I have already followed and built the same application with this tutorial without test process. From now on I will be applying test driven development with this applcation. 

Studying the tutorial, I have been so interested in developing applications by using Ruby on Rails and would like to deeply thank Michael Hartle, the writer of the tutorial, for his effort to share his knowledge and skill.

I have graduated from the MBA school at Purdue University last May and am looking for a software developer position. Before my MBA era, I have worked as Sr. Java Developer and IT Project Manager for over 6 years in Seoul, Korea Republic since 2002. My long term goal is to be a excellent middleman who can understands both business people and technical perple as well as provides them with optimal solutions for the business success. 

To do so, I heartly relaize that I must re-sharpen my software development skill set because it seems to become old-fashioned for over 2 years when I have been at School. Having interviews, I felt that my talents would not attract interests of the software development market any more and that I need to be ready for them.

After completing this exercise, I will build my own application with Ruby on Rails, MongoDB, and PostgreDB. I have an idea that I have been thinking for a long time and I feel that this is the moment to act.

As I have done so far, I will try to do my best. If you are interested in me, please keep an eye on what I am doing. I will make it at the end.

July 20 2014
Ryan Kim (airstrider@gmail.com)